# onionup
## Uptime Checking Service for Tor Hidden Services

Description of project, including goals
Link to live demo and/or instructions on how to use and run code
List of techs/languages/plugins/APIs used
Technical implementation details for anything worth mentioning (basically anything you had to stop and think about before building)
Include links to the neatest parts of the code, or embed snippets
Include screenshots of anything that looks pretty
A few example READMEs are linked from this page
To-dos and future features

### Project Description

Pingdom inspired Tor uptime checker that displays the health of hidden services and clearnet websites 

User authentication
* Username (null: false)
* Password (null: false)
* Optional email
* Modal popup
* Recover account with email
* Devise gem 
* Explanation of why we chose devise encryption (how it adds to functionality)

User Settings
* Change password
* Add or edit email
* Autogenerated Profile picture

View index of saved URLs. Each site card has 
* Health (up or down)
* Ping Time
* Live graph (d3)
* URL
* Add new site button
* Tab different windows of time e.g., seconds, minutes, days, months
* Render time?

New URL 
* Allow ip address
* Allow any format of URL

Site show page
* Delete button
* Larger graph 
* Edit alias (customize)
* Edit description
* ip address 
* Download PDF? 
* Download CSV?

Settings section?
* Change color scheme?
* Edit units (e.g. ms vs s)?




### Technologies 
* Ruby on Rails
* VueJS
* D3 for graphs
* Tor
* Sidekiq
* Devise 

Stretch Goals
* Ping sites even while offline and store information in DB
* Fullscreen or presentation dev mode 

Health: How long site is up vs how long site is down
Pingtime: Ping response time
Successful load/loadtime
Click component on page


### TO DO:

* Wireframe the different components
* Plan frontend/backend routes
* Users should be allowed to log in with JUST a username, optionally an email as well
* Ping sites on user's account at a fixed interval (e.g. every 5 seconds)
* Run tor from the server
* Distinguish between a downed website/service and our server being down
* Live graph on sites page
* Vue frontend to make single page app
* Ping from multiple locations?
* SMS option?
* Email when sites are down?

## Development

### For local development:

1. run tor from terminal
2. rails s
3. open localhost:3000 in browser

## Backup ideas

* Onion site crawler 
* Peer to peer distributed pingdom clone  